1. "I know the appearance of Los Angeles at 4 am every day!"   
2. "What I’m doing right now, I’m chasing perfection."   
3. "I’ll do whatever it takes to win games, whether it’s sitting on a bench waving a towel, handing a cup of water to a teammate, or hitting the game-winning shot."   
4. "Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise."   
5. "I’m playing against great players, playing against the best in the world. The competition - that’s what I’ve always wanted."   
6. "Sometimes I do wonder what college would have been like. But I made my decision."   
7. "My parents are my backbone. Still are. They’re the only group that will support you if you score zero or you score 40."   
8. "I don’t want to be the next Michael Jordan, I only want to be Kobe Bryant."   
9. "If you’re afraid to fail, then you’re probably going to fail."   
10. "Winning takes precedence over all. There’s no gray area. No almosts."   
11. "The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win."   
12. "I can’t relate to lazy people. We don’t speak the same language. I don’t understand you. I don’t want to understand you."   
13. "If you do not believe in yourself, no one will do it for you."   
14. "Great things come from hard work and perseverance. No excuses."   
15. "Haters are a good problem to have. Nobody hates the good ones. They hate the great ones."   
16. "I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game-winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed."   
17. "Leadership is lonely ... I'm not going to be afraid of confrontation to get us to where we need to go."   
18. "Learn to love the hate. Embrace it. Enjoy it. You earned it."   
19. "The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do."   
20. "I want to be the best. Simple and plain."   
21. "From the beginning, I wanted to be the best. I had a constant craving, a yearning, to improve and be the best."   
22. "It’s all a matter of protecting your dreams and your imaginations."   
23. "The biggest mistake we make in life is thinking we have time."   
24. "A lot of leaders fail because they don’t have the bravery to touch that nerve or strike that chord."   
25. "A lot of people say they want to be great, but they’re not willing to make the sacrifices necessary to achieve greatness."   
26. "Losing is losing, there aren’t different degrees of losing. You either win a championship or you’re sh–. It’s very black & white to me."   
27. "Pain doesn’t tell you when you ought to stop. Pain is the little voice in your head that tries to hold you back because it knows if you continue you will change."   
28. "You can’t be held captive by the fear of failure or the fear of what people may say."   
29. "We can always kind of be average and do what’s normal. I’m not in this to do what’s normal."   
30. "When I step on that court, I become [Black Mamba]. I am that killer snake. I’m stone-cold, man."   
31. "I had a summer where I played basketball when I was 10 or 11 years old. And here I come playing it and I don’t score one point the entire summer. I remember crying about it, being upset about it, and my father was giving me a hug and said, 'Listen, whether you score 0 or sixty I am going to love you no matter what.'"   
32. "These young guys are playing checkers. I’m out there playing chess."   
33. "Once you know what failure feels like, determination chases success."   
34. "May you always remember to enjoy the road, especially when it’s a hard one."   
35. "When I am retired, I don’t want to have say I wish I would have done more. I don’t want that."   
36. "We don’t quit, we don’t cower, we don’t run. We endure and conquer."   
37. "Friends can come and go, but banners hang forever."   
38. "Boos don’t block dunks."   
39. "You are responsible for how people remember you—or don’t. So don’t take it lightly."   
40. "There’s nothing truly to be afraid of, when you think about it, because I’ve failed before, and I woke up the next morning, and I’m OK."   
41. "My brain… it cannot process failure. It will not process failure. Because if I sit there and have to face myself and tell myself, 'You’re a failure'… I think that’s almost worse than death."   
42. "There’s a choice that we have to make as people, as individuals. If you want to be great at something, there’s a choice you have to make."   
43. "Leave everything on the court. Leave the game better than you found it. And when it comes time for you to leave, leave a legend."   
44. "The beauty in being blessed with talent is rising above doubters to create a beautiful moment."   
45. "I create my own path. It was straight and narrow. I looked at it this way – you were either in my way, or out of it."   
46. "You asked for my hustle – I gave you my heart."   
47. "Passion is the fuel for success."   
48. "Either way, I refuse to change what I am. A lion has to eat. Run with me or run from me."   
49. "No matter how difficult the challenge is, always stay positive and believe in yourself."   
50. "The only thing I can control is how hard I work every single day."   
51. "After all, greatness is not for everybody."   
52. "We psych ourselves up too much. Like if you try to talk yourself into, 'Oh, this is a big moment, this is a big shot,' you’re putting a lot of pressure on yourself. You shot that shot hundreds and thousands of times. Just shoot another one."   
53. "I don’t want chumps, I don’t want pushovers, and if you’re a chump and a pushover, I will run over you."   
54. "There’s been a lot of talk of me being a one-man show but that’s simply not the case. We win games when I score 40 points and we’ve won when I score 10."   
55. "I’m reflective only in the sense that I learn to move forward. I reflect with a purpose."   
56. "Be sad. Be mad. Be frustrated. Scream. Cry. Sulk. When you wake up you will think it was just a nightmare only to realize it’s all too real. You will be angry and wish for the day back, the game back, that play back. But reality gives nothing back and nor should you."   
57. "Heroes come and go, but legends are forever."   
58. "Have a good time. Life is too short to get bogged down and be discouraged. You have to keep moving. You have to keep going. Put one foot in front of the other, smile and just keep on rolling."   
59. "I never needed any external forces to motivate me."   
60. "I realized that intimidation didn’t really exist if you’re in the right frame of mind."   
61. "When you make a choice and say, 'Come hell or high water, I am going to be this,' then you should not be surprised when you are that. It should not be something that is intoxicating or out of character because you have seen this moment for so long that when that moment comes, of course it is here because it has been here the whole time, because it has been in your mind the whole time."   
62. "I saw you come in and I wanted you to know that it doesn’t matter how hard you work, that I’m willing to work harder than you."   
63. "Be willing to sacrifice anything, but compromise nothing in your quest to be your best."   
64. "The biggest dreams aren’t fueled by belief, they’re fueled by doubt."   
65. "If you want to be great in a particular area, you have to obsess over it."   
66. "To think of me as a person that’s overachieved, that would be a lot to me. That means I put a lot of work in and squeezed every ounce of juice out of this orange that I could."   
67. "You always want to outwork your potential. As hard as you believe you can work, you can work harder than that."   
68. "As the leader of a team, it’s also your responsibility to elevate the rest of the guys."   
69. "I play games with the flu, I play games with 102 degree fever man. You gotta be on man."   
70. "I never tried to prove anything to someone else. I wanted to prove something to myself."   
71. "I love that kids are building confidence on and off the court and unlocking their potential through sport."   
72. "Basketball for me was the most important thing. So everything I saw, whether it was TV shows, whether it was books I read, people I talked to, everything was done to try to learn how to become a better basketball player. Everything. Everything. And so when you have that point of view, then literally the world becomes your library to help you become better at your craft."   
73. "If you live your life to just get better every single day, and you do that for 20 years what do you have?"   
74. "I think the best way to prove your value is to work, is to learn, is to absorb, to be a sponge."   
75. "If I had the power to turn back time I would never use it, because then every moment that you go through means absolutely nothing because you can always go back and do it again."   
76. "Those times when you get up early and you work hard, those times when you stay up late and you work hard, those times when you don’t feel like working, you’re too tired, you don’t want to push yourself, but you do it anyway. That is actually the dream."   
77. "You have to work hard in the dark to shine in the light."   
78. "Use your success, wealth and influence to put them in the best position to realize their own dreams and find their true purpose."   
79. "To be an event, every single night. Something witnessed. Not just watched. I had a different drive. The kind that made people uneasy. Some people wanted me to come back down to earth. To come down to their level. To relax. But I couldn’t. It wasn’t in my DNA. Because to go where others have never gone, you have to do what others have never done."   
80. "It’s the one thing you can control. You are responsible for how people remember you — or don’t. So don’t take it lightly. If you do it right, your game will live on in others. You’ll be imitated and emulated by those you played with, those you played against and those who never saw you play at all. So leave everything on the court. Leave the game better than you found it. And when it comes time for you to leave, leave a legend." 